interesting okay we're
live okay
so quick recap from yesterday basically
what we learned is that dip 14 sockets
can only be on one side however I just
went to an electronic store and I got
these bad boys and these might be long
enough because see how they have that
little angled pin at the bottom so I
think that these might actually work
regardless we're going to do the print
again we're going to do the iron etch
and drill all over again um I think it's
probably just best practice you know I
have a whole bunch of IC sockets
uh uh and I just don't want to take any
chances so we're going to do that I also
got some more goodies I got some 40106
hex Schmid trigger
inverters
then I got 200 100K resistors this is a
lot 200 and it was only like five
bucks and just for safety I also got 210
K these are a little big a little
thicker on The Wire we're going to see
if these are going to fit in
there I think I asked for quarter watt
but uh you know maybe quarter watt means
something
different you know what I think was
funny is I was expecting it to be like a
ham radio operator in this place and
turned out it's just like a Latina woman
two
Latinas uh I thought that was pleasant
okay um not like that you know just like
oh bucking the expectations a little um
you know they knew the lingo I was like
y one and the thing is at this place
they did it all with paper like my
receipt paper they hand wrote out each
thing that I got I just thought it was
so
silly
five bucks for 200 resistors that's a
good
deal 345 for the
Schmidts it's a great price I got a lot
of good stuff all right so I'm going to
go fill the paper then we're going to
open up uh
Kad and we need to open
up the
envelope let's go to the schema and
let's get the PCB
open I I want another instance of this
thing open though and I want to open
up the
VCA okay now we have everything
open here's the envelope now you can see
what I did
yesterday
this oh I have a selection filter
on this can be deleted right like can't
we just do
this same for down
here whatever I don't I don't actually
care does it matter
here wait did we change
anything what's going on
here
okay unrouted zero unrouted one what
happened oh
yeah okay zero unrouted
perfect
um
okay so I just got the paper I'm trying
to speedrun
this
that's
for
okay so my hope is that we'll get to do
a front plate because I've only done one
front plate and I've done three
double-sided copper boards already so
you
know hopefully we can just move on with
life
um okay so we're going to start with the
VCA we're going to print this
out front side print
Mir
print
print backside print Mir no print print
okay real
drill I want the whole
album wait what's the album
called oh
yeah
[Music]
uh me send me
br
for
my
[Music]
for step back and
back
[Music]
always
sh
you down my
my anything you need I Swip
[Music]
did I do it or not I
forget [__] I got to go
[Music]
check should
be girl you better for me like
cigarette girl you better for for
me for
me for me
like I got chips
[Music]
I always calling me pissed off my heart
Withrow sorry life's not fair though
baby you're bad for my health you're bad
for
myth bad for yourself we should be with
someone else like
me even I
[Music]
you L of
doubt
I'm Mone make to co around
bab you're for my you're bad for
my maybe you should be with someone else
shouldn't like
me I didn't mean to put you under my
spell baby you're bad for
[Music]
my
be oh yeah this is
[Music]
f put me on up send me some
bro I didn't mean to put you under my
spell
[Music]
down
should like me don't even yourself I
didn't mean to put you under myell sorry
baby
you're girl you better for me like
cigarette girl you better for me better
in better for me to make better for me
like
to
[Music]
Dan
but when you guys are together you don't
ever say the mood or anything but there
is one you
[Music]
know
oh I got to get the boards oh and I got
to sand them and get the alcohol okay so
we got to get the
chemicals okay got to sand two
boards got my
paper
got the
extras
for
e
okay sandpaper copper boards
gloves respirator goggles
isopropyl and
acetone or like what what I call
um a hearty
breakfast
all right so we're going to get two of
these all right this usually never
works oh I need my
[Music]
container um whatever we don't need a
container oh [__] these are wait one of
these is single sided what the
hell
okay let's see if this
works
cool um I don't need this I have a mask
actually I'll just use a mask for the
copper
dust
okay
real it's been too real the
dancing
are you going to be outside yeah turn
the heat down
okay
okay and then these bad boys will dry
just with the air
because isopropyl low boiling point I
guess it is I'm not exactly
sure okay that's that
now we set up our trusty
iron which I guess I'll
do
this
okay turn it on we'll have to wait a
moment all right so we have two buffed
boards
it'll be
okay okay no dry on
here um now we take our designs make
sure we get the right we're getting the
F of both sides so we
need on a on
B
okay like this I guess actually what I'm
going to
do get my ruler for these so that I
don't heat them through
contact okay now we just wait for a
minute
get a sip of
water it's kind of weird having cameras
at two directions of me like I want to
look here that I'm
like you
know see a day like today it's like
50 but it's not
sunny it's kind of an
L all right um honestly the iron is
really forgiving I'll just try
it that is plenty
hot
now for these first ones you don't have
to align it to anything
because it's going to be the guide so as
long as this one's at least on the
board then we're
good
I actually did get some places yesterday
where I didn't have the best transfer
so I'm going to leave it on here a
little bit
long I honestly have would love to
measure you know something
about the chemistry here of what is the
melting temperature of toner you
know uh stuff like that all right so now
that we've done the front side of the
VCA we're going to do the front side of
the
envelope okay that looks
good
it's unfortunate that yesterday's build
was no
good
for
okay that's good all right so now we
need to wait for these to cool then
we're going to put them in
some going put them in some warm water
and then we're going to peel this layer
off then we're going to use a Dremel
tool cut four pilot holes take take the
best three that are not angled and stuff
like that and then we're going to put
pins through them with our other two
sides then once we can do that we can
iron on the the second side and we can
etch pretty
hot going to use a
notebook
for
I
e
for
okay in order to get
more good shots because I was watching a
podcast with Nile red and he's all about
the shots so I figure let's get some
action
shots for dick dock for the dick
docks okay so we have some warm water
and we have our two things I don't know
if you can see this but we have sort of
bubbles
under the so it's sort of wavy but you
can see that the place where the uh
paper has adhered to The Copper is
actually all of the places with toner so
that's how it gets stuck on there so
we're just going to put it in the water
and wait a little and then I'll show
exactly how this process happens this is
sort of the most boring it's it's it's
kind of satisfying here let's see but
it's not like interesting from a
challenge cuz it's always easy you can
see sort of comes
off let's put in more
water oh
yeah the toner transfer method is just
so good I saw people using lasers for
this and stuff it's like this just works
so well
anyway so then you have this
crap you just wash off the and the thing
is the amount of force that it takes to
peel off any of the toner is really high
because it's really stuck on there so
you can just like run run your hand and
I'm playing a a good amount of force to
this
shoot audio audio okay so anyway so this
is what the board looks like when you
take it off now we're going to do that
for the second
board I should actually write text on
the copper
layer labeling what it is I think that
would be a good
Improvement to the
process I would need to reverse the text
I think I need to flip the text
I don't know my brain is so bad at
thinking about the flips all the
flips okay let's just get this crap off
of
here okay we can do a cursory
examination of the traces but I'm
seeing no issues this one's a little
angled which is not great
but the angle doesn't matter cuz I
always put in at least a maybe like a
half a centimeter of clearance on all
sides just for this reason you could
actually see that some of the corner
didn't get fully transferred
but
and
actually I don't know if you can see
that but this doesn't look like the best
either but overall not bad let me just
do a quick look at this
one this one seems very
good and you can
see uh there are no tracers going to
either of the chips because this is the
front layer and what we learned
is oh
interesting this one also that's okay I
guess we'll use these three um okay so
now it's time to dry these and then get
the Dremel
tool let's take this
crap I'm going to get this water out of
here
Kobe
okay we dry
it and the fact that there's a little
paper on there doesn't matter at all
because and actually interestingly I
mean the F choid really only reacts with
the copper like the paper doesn't even
get harmed in this process which you you
might even want it to get harmed who
knows all right so time to get the
Dremel tool and the clamp and then we
got to get on our respirator and goggles
that's probably the worst part is that
you know if you had something that had
ventilation or whatever then you
wouldn't have to do so much setup just
to get some
drill
okay
for
okay and now a quick little demo on how
to Tool change a
Dremel let's get this guy
here can you see me there if I'm sitting
like this yes you can all right so the
first thing you
do you go in here and you find this
wrench
then you press down on this button and
this locks the collet in
place and then you rotate it and this
will Spin and you can take out your
tool speaking of I need my
tool
okay so we're pretty much there take
your new
tool here we're going to be using
a what I think is a 7
mm in
diameter
carbide drill bit we're just going to
slot it right in there it's going to
fall in tighten it to hand and use this
to really make sure that it's because
what you don't
want is any
asymmetric forces on this thing you want
this thing to absolutely be turning on
an AIS because any force is sideways on
this thing you can't even see it can
is going to break it and so yesterday
what I learned is I
took I I only had one drill hole left to
make and I was like I don't need the
clamp and speaking of I forgot the clamp
and I did it and the I hadn't broken a
drill bit up until that point but at
that point without clamping it I broke
the bit I wonder why it's cuz something
shifted and some asymmetric Force got
applied to it and it just broke it like
a twig but if you're going straight up
and down and everything is locked on
that axis it's not going to break it's
also at a very high RPM which is uh
helpful although I don't really know
why what is it about the speed that
makes
it okay
soing not
Char full charge
okay
this is okay there we
go all right I got to get the
clamp
okay so we have a clamp
here then we have a bag of
death
okay so now what we need to
do
you know that might be what's causing
some of my
problems well it's all
right okay so now cuz I really don't
like this fiberglass stuff I put on
a a
respirator and I put on
goggles
[Applause]
[Music]
what
what the hell is going on
here
[Applause]
[Music]
for
that
did I print this
wrong I don't think so
but oh no no no I'm just
dumb
for
I
okay
so if you
notice I chose the best three because
this one wasn't actually
that is it going to do its thing this
one wasn't very good but you can see
here if I rotate it this is relatively
flat and there are no wrinkles so that
means
that things should be sort of lined up
okay now we're just going to do the same
for this guy
take our pin and what I do is I actually
look at where in the circle I made the
hole and I try to get myself lined up
with
that
okay then I just do the second
pass
cool
cool okay now we get our first and I
guess there is some sort
of thing about the first one you pick I
don't know maybe that dictates
something
I gu it
does CU if your first one is off then
your other ones are going to be
off whatever I haven't had a very high
failure rate with this
anyways so we're looking pretty flat
then I just
see which one has the most light coming
through it on the third and I pick that
one that's nice the sunshine has come
out okay so now we're ready to get back
to the
iron so we'll go like
that then we want to make sure that none
of the pins fall out cuz they have a
tendency to do
that okay turn on the iron
get some
water
for
[Music]
oh
crle my
shiz all right let's do this now it's
almost certainly hot
enough
oh yeah okay now I haven't really gotten
this down right
[Music]
but
okay so that's probably good enough
where you
can pop out the
pins
do the whole
board
so last time I got some issues with
this so I just want to be absolutely
sure that the transfer
happen all parts of the
board
okay that's certainly good
enough
so Board number
two down on
there
okay that's probably good
enough
for
okay that's probably
good okay so we'll
take let me put these pins back
I end up bending all these pins but I
feel
like I feel like it's
[Music]
okay shouldn't like me
love yourself I didn't mean to put you
in my
spell
bro I wish it was
looping Real Spring I feel like that's
the best song on the
album I really want to build a front
plate with aluminum today
I think the warm water is kind of does
help it I don't know if that's
just hallucination
but I mean it'll come off regardless but
I I prefer to just all come off at
once
[Music]
okay so it looks like we do
have yeah man I don't know what it is
about the back sides
that some of these traces just get
really [__]
up okay I don't know if you'll be able
to see
this this area is a little torn
up we might need to fix
that
actually yeah I don't I don't know if I
just introduced all these problems but I
see another clear
breakage I think what I'm going to do is
I'm going to dry it and I'm going to
touch that up with a
sharpie so that's actually one thing
that's sort of nice about this process
is
that it's s sort of forgiving in that
you can just fix
things
for
I don't see any problems on this board
this board is looking very
nice yeah no missed
traces everything's
solid God these paper towels are so
thin okay
so we just need to fix up a couple of
things it's pretty awesome that this
works okay so we're just going
to so we're just going to go in here
take our trace and
add some thick
Sharpie
[Music]
okay seems like it's that's it so you
probably can see this so I added three
places that were
broken or at least could have been
broken I don't know if they really were
but they look
suspicious okay it's definitely good
enough all right so now it's time to do
the boring
part
um we should get this to good out of
here
for
it's
h
e
sh
for
that
is
n
[Music]
a
I
h
is
[Music]
for
St
[Music]
for
that
all right we're clocking in at about 1
hour and 45 minutes and we have
two fully etched boards we just need to
drill them actually one thing that I
wanted to check you can see
here some of these holes these divots
didn't actually get etched away I think
that's cuz the paper was coating them
and couldn't get under it but I don't
know maybe my faer chloride is getting
weaker as I use more of it
up
okay
sh
e
okay all right so now the first step
that we're going to do before anything
else is I am going to
drill I'm going to wash these off but
then I'm going to
drill 8 mm holes for all of the pads and
we're going to just see about my new IC
socket cuz if my if they if they are
good then I might try to salvage my old
board I probably should have seen if
they had t72 and fours while I was over
there
for
okay we got some wet
boards
um all right so I got to get all suited
up
again
uh but
okay
for
[Music]
all
sh
[Applause]
yeah
[Music]
for
[Applause]
[Music]
for
oh
[Applause]
for
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
for
[Applause]
[Music]
e
[Applause]
sh
yeah
[Applause]
oh
okay
[Applause]
e
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
no
[Applause]
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
e
[Music]
for
[Applause]
is
[Music]
sh
oh
[Music]
that's
[Applause]
[Music]
sh
for
[Music]
a
yeah
for
[Applause]
I
for
[Music]
[Applause]
for
[Music]
that was a
doozy all right so
now I think what I'm going to do is I'm
going to look through the PCB and Kad
and just make sure that we don't have
any thick
Trace
stuff that I need to go over again with
we already looked at the dip
for
all right
so let's just take a quick
[Music]
look
um di are fine caps are
fine are fine the
transistors the transistors maybe LED is
fine
[Music]
okay um let's see what else I don't know
if we want to make those bigger maybe
make those bigger resistors Vias let's
see what else what are the strange [__]
do we
have uh everything is looking
good let's see am I
clipping test oh I'm super clipping
hello
hello okay
um what we looking
at
oh
yeah uh
resistors what are those those are the
transistors oh the trimmers is that 100K
trimmer I should have probably picked
some extra up I probably should have
gotten a bunch of trimmers
actually um the thing is all the
trimmers that I saw at that
store it looked like they had different
Footprints than the one I
have uh okay so I think the Dual VCA I
mean the Dual VCA is literally just
transistors resistors and an op amp for
buffering
um I don't know what the hell those
trimmers are doing in there I mean I
don't really get the schematic we're
working up to that though uh okay let's
look at en the uh envelope I think the
envelope you know what I should do I
should go to here and just look at
this all right
good good
good uh good the two pin what is the two
pin the two pin is just wires so that's
good this is
good maybe I should test the transistor
I don't remember having to widen the
holes for a
transistor uh RS are good maybe I should
pull out one of my new resistors oh but
they're so they're bundled so
nicely to take one out no I should check
um all right so it was really just the
dip 14 I the thing about the
uh the thing about the power supply is
that it had a lot of footprints in it
the power supply had those big caps it
had the rags The Regulators what else
did it have did we need a fatten for the
dodes I think it was not the 4148 doodes
though I think think it I think I think
it was thicker diodes that's
why
um oh and
then what else was there I can't
remember um but there was a lot of stuff
in there that was just sort of
irregular but
um
okay I guess I should clean up and do an
assembly all right if we run into more I
just I'll clean up I'll pack up the
thing but I won't put it in the shed
that's what I'll do and then we can just
start the
daughter
um what did I do last time I think what
I did is I printed out the bill
materials and I went and got
everything but then I just had this pile
of
nonsense oh but you know what I did I
used my resistor box I got all of the
components and I left them in the
baggies or in the
little glued strips so that I could just
so I could see the value and then I
accidentally ordered double of my caps
so I have two capacitor kits so I got
plenty of caps so that's all good D the
41 48s are probably the diode that I'm
going to run out of first so you know if
you're doing this project I would
recommend not get extra but like the kit
that I bought from uh Bojack was pretty
good it had I think 40 in there it maybe
had 20 but I'm pretty sure it had 40 in
there and I have used a lot of them
already so that's probably what's going
to run out first so if you don't want to
buy the kit just get 4148 seems like the
the diode to
get and art of electronics mentioned
4148 first so you
know
um you know what I kind of should have
gotten is
real T 74s I don't trust these Amazon
chips not going to lie and I don't like
ordering from Digi key because
the
uh you know
whatever
um but see look at look at I'm going to
use one two how many is this I wish
there was a little counter but like six
or seven 10ks on
there and
then in
my sorry in
my
VCA
we're
using a ton of 10K
100ks we're also using a good amount of
10K so I'm glad that I bought some of
those and then 20K
whatever
um yeah trimmers I should have got the
trimmers is it
4:00 they're going to close too soon I
could run over there but
like n
okay I'm going to take a piss I guess
I'm going to check my phone I haven't
checked my phone in three
hours
uh mango
jelly dude just got a heart for mango
jelly solutions for his CAD
video it's
cool um D my analy have been absolute
dog
[__] Ultimate Game Night where is
this
should I go to this game night I kind of
love
Meetup not that I love meeting people
really but like Meetup is cool you know
everyone's just like what are we doing
here
well anyways so it turns out I had no
notifications that's
cool let's see game night doesn't look
that cool pingpong that sounds fun when
is this Saturday
tomorrow
it's five hours bro it goes till
midnight the
hell it's free
though yeah yeah I was going to look at
my my analytics for all you guys
wondering actually no yeah it's pretty
dog
water for some reason I don't know why
but that
video which one was it one of them just
did like way better than the other ones
for no
reason oh yeah it was hold
on yeah all it was doing was catting out
the
VCA and looking into custom footprints
for the first time and for some reason
that got 15 times more views maybe
depending on three to 15 times more
views than
I don't know what it is I think I think
that the sample is too low to really be
able to
say uh but [__] that fiberglass bro let
going got to clean
up I'm down wind of it all right I'm
going to take a piss and then we're
going to actually assemble
this
uh for me the hesitation always with the
assembly is you know I feel like I
haven't done this enough times to be
confident that this is going to work
especially because I don't know how it
works
like I will say for the oscillator I
spent enough time
understanding like how the schmit
trigger works and how the oscillator
core works that I felt like I could
debug it but now to debug the amp we're
going to need another signal we're going
to need a signal to test
amplify um I guess guess I could just
set something up on my breadboard where
I add the rails I don't even have to add
both rails I could just add one and a
voltage divider at like one
volt you know go down from 9 to 1 Volt
or whatever send that in um but also
probably what I want to do today is
since I have those IC
holders
um I want to I have a 3X two one and I
want to cut it in with the Dremel tool
and then use the the the rework station
to take
the
uh voltage Regulators especially the
busted one but both voltage Regulators
out of my power supply and hopefully
repair my power supply um but we should
probably add to the Kad a
fuse because I'm kind of sick of blowing
these things from shorts anyways so so
that's the plan it's only 3:35 and we've
been going for what 2
hours
2:30 oh man was I clipping that whole
time I probably was hello [__] it's so
hard to
manage
e
for
God I love these icy holders I feel like
I just really like this store that I
went to today I don't know why but all
my stuff from there I'm treating with
lots of
respect
okay so let's just
um
oh you guys probably can't see because
I'm on normal all right I'm just taking
the the drill out of the
Callet I'm pretty sure I'm completely
done drilling for the day but what I
want to
do
CU I want to take that's uh gu it's over
there I want to
use this
thing
okay
I honestly don't know if I need to you
know what I'm going to put this in the
vice it's probably the safe thing to do
okay I'll be
back I'll be
B
I realize I should check that the
footprint actually that the rags
actually fit in here they might
not
for
all
right so I'm I'm pretty sure that it's
actually going to work
um doesn't really matter which one we
pick this is the 12 volt this is a minus
volt I'm glad I got
10 I mean it just made no sense to buy
one
okay so here's what's going to happen we
take this tiny little
thing and we stick
it in there like
that fits
great contact and everything and what's
what's really nice is that I made that I
made that oh is that I made that power
supply um
one-sided so the advantage with that is
that
um since it's one-sided I can actually
use these horrible IC sockets that
uh really you can't do double-sided
boards
with okay
so all right now we just got to get
through it all right so I'm going to go
put this in the vice going to
saw it in half and then I'll have two of
these then I'm going to use the rework
station and we're going to take out the
Regulators uh throw throw
away the uh I don't know let me let me
ask Chad
jpt if I can just throw
away my
regulator so I don't really
know
is
this
okay
[Music]
um I got this tip
from I forgot what his name is but I got
this tip from someone and it's a it's a
good tip big tip use sockets for your
power supply Regulators cuz you're going
to break
them and if I'm doing this maybe I
should go look for the
fuses one thing at a
[Music]
time
for
all right so that's all
Gucci all right so let's do
this
do we have both yet we have both okay
um we just
need
um okay we need some needle M switch to
overhead
okay
all right
um probably best to take out both of
them we're going to do
it
from
here so this is going to
go
here
oh I guess I guess not
okay
[Music]
um okay that's starting to look good
clamp that in
there okay so
basically what you
do you
have this
gun
turn it
on what we're going to do we're just
going to clamp onto this thing with our
needl
nose and then we're just going
to hold this thing
here until it comes
out why did it turn
off
[Music]
for
come on come
out did I bend them I don't know maybe
it's not hot
enough
we're
320 I really don't want to make a whole
another one of these just cuz I did
this
for
son of a
[Music]
[__]
I can't tell if the solder is even
melted
get out of there
bro what is you
doing what are you
[Music]
doing
okay I give
up
I don't know how I'm going to get it out
of
there
I think try cutting the
legs and what do I have to
lose if I cut the
legs
then
okay I feel like that will boost my
chances of this thing coming
out
for
get out of there
bro what the
hell you know what I'm going to do I'm
just going to use the normal
soldering cuz this thing ain't coming
out and I feel like it's few enough pins
that
uh well you know I could cut the other
side too if I cut the other side then it
we don't really have a problem and we
know it's
broken I guess the issue is then we got
[Music]
to and the thing is these caps were
coming right out no
pisam
actually oh
boy I think the heat
broke some traces some
trases that and me moving moving it
around a
bunch all right so here's what I'm going
to
do I'm going to put
it like I guess I'm going
[Music]
to okay I guess I'm going to do
this okay
then still pretty
hot
okay I get this one
out
[Music]
well whatever this should be good
enough okay let me get the
soldering
I just want this thing to I just want
this
thing out of
there
oh
[Music]
okay well we know this one no this one's
actually working but you know
what we're resorting
to tougher
measures
okay just go ahead and do this to this
one
too
for
yeah pulled off a
trace yeah that's not
great something doesn't smell
good
okay let's see if we
can
that one's not going to come
out yeah now there's that one okay so we
need to do some more work
there I think it's the heating station
that did it actually I don't know if
we're going to be able to get these
because
okay maybe we're good
what the
hell
okay so what happens if we try this so
we got all the pins out but if you can
see there's some pretty significant
damage to the traces that I blasted with
that freaking refl the rework station
basically nothing
there here we were a little bit more
fortunate
but I don't
know it's going to be a pain to
get just got to stick in
there
actually that was really
easy that was
sick okay and then we're just going to
add Globs of solder to get this one to
work
okay
so spool of it spool of it okay so
here's what I think I'm going to
do
for
it's more like
welding I don't know what you want to
call
it
okay I think we have our sockets
in
um here you can see the uh masterful
work of
soldering you know I feel like that one
needs some
work
they really look like coil joints
though here we go that's a little
better
okay so
now we can put new Regulators in there
see if it
works that would be really exciting let
me get my
multimeter
for
okay
um all right so we
have 12vt AC
wallboard unplug the Reflow to the
rework oops sorry about
that okay
we shouldn't need this
anymore okay so this
is the
12v I like these little things I like
them okay
now
um
I forget if it's this way or that way so
I'm pretty sure
the
70 damn I'm so
confused um all right I'm going to take
a piss first then okay so the problem
here is that I don't know which one is
supposed to
have the 78 or the 79 I don't know which
side is which cuz I remember there's a
mirroring thing we can tell because I
have this extra diode on this one I'm
pretty sure the 78 needs the
diode but I can't remember right
now
for
hey what's
up okay
okay so what do we need to do
here need to get in there we need to
open up all for now we don't need to
open we don't need to look at any of
these so F open recent
PSU bro that's literally the worst
feature of this thing I get it it's
probably like to maintain a consistent
State like so that you don't like change
a bunch of stuff and then stuff doesn't
propagate properly like it just makes
the sound broom and then it doesn't tell
you at
all okay so
the 78 has the diode so that's what I
thought
so wait where did I put my here's my new
regulator so oh wait and we need to put
it the right
way gosh darn
it
um oh gosh I hate how I mirrored this
it's like impossible does it even go in
there it kind of hardly goes in there
oh go in
[Music]
there oh
fudgees get in there I tested this the
hell I literally tested that they go in
and now they don't go
in look at this Bo
Bo this is
horrible it's these fat freaking pegs
man they're not okay this one it went
in I think it's making contact but it's
like just like so
weak like I feel like after one
replacement it's going to be
broken whatever I I guess to take these
out it's probably not that
difficult yeah not not a not a fan okay
so which way does this
go great the ground pin is in the middle
so it's really not
helpful so we need what is it I forget
that I forget what side is the anode
versus cathode the one with the
line goes to pin
one so I guess it needs to be like
this
oh
[__] it's just like barely in
there okay
fine
I thought I took out one of these
already I guess I put it back
in
I can't figure this out
dude I think I did it backwards I
think pin one needs to go there maybe
that's right okay then pin one of here
goes to
ground I can't tell I have no
idea okay wait let's think about
this let's open the schematic because
this doesn't actually show what I want
to
show okay so the ones that go to the
nine have the
plus this is ground right doesn't say
but I'm pretty sure that's
ground no it's
not
the 78 has the minus to ground and then
this one has the plus to
ground that's
true wait wait hold
on pin one is grounded then so that's
ground then it should go that
way I shouldn't oh that one fit in
nicely
I hate these sockets but
um all
right let's just see what
happens okay and then
ground is the
outermost okay go to DC
voltage
okay we are
[Music]
ready
nice I don't know if you can see
that
okay
these things just they
don't oh wait there we go for some
reason it dropped down it's like varying
a lot I don't know what's going
on okay well so it works so our repair
of the power supply worked the only
problem
is only problem is look how easy it just
a well I don't know maybe they're in
there but I feel like they're not really
in
there okay cool so we repaired the power
supply I'm really happy about that we
need a fuse
but you can only do so
much
hold on closeup of the bouncy boy hello
bouncy boy bouncy boy hey what's up I
back in because I I'm I'm gonna pay so
give me one second oh don't hang
up okay I'm back okay I'm I'm still
live upate um thank you so much you
do
um yeah I just get litter
and filters for her water
fountain left work whz wasn't at work
today they sent her somewhere else and
Joey was talking mad [__] he was
like um so much better when she's not
here I'm surprised you hear that
fo okay wait no I'm not I'm not I sorry
I got off Discord I'm I'm listening
now okay what' you say what
umz was sent to another location
today they need help somewhere else
apparently she was RA all people like I
want to transfer like to this place I
feel like me for sending me to another
place which like everyone's been sent to
another place before you know
mhm
um
but crazy but he was just like like he's
the one that's always like I don't like
Dr he was like it's so much better when
she's not here I was
like okay brother but uh Jess was
pissing me off so but you know then then
she brought it all back around because
she said she's like bye and she said it
in such a sweet way that I was like oh
well can't be mad anymore oh nice I just
re I just redid the boards and I fixed
my power supply which is pretty sweet I
put it I what I did is
I I took uh I took the the dead
Regulators out well one of them was dead
but I took them both out cuz the only
way to get them out of there was to cut
the
legs uh
but anyway so then I put in these
sockets that hold the chips and they're
really really flimsy and I think they're
going to break cuz the the they like how
many how many times have you made these
made
what these
boards how many
boards uh which
one are you making a different one no
I've only done one repair on this power
supply I busted so okay I made a power
supply with that stripboard stuff and
then I busted that
one
um and then I um so then I made it in
Kad and then I etched I etched uh the
that
board so then I had a PCB version of my
power supply but then I broke that one
so now I'm doing a repair because I saw
online what you really need to do is you
need to put your Regulators in sockets
because cuz if you don't cuz if you
don't put them in sockets and you bust
it then you got to do this whole process
to get them out and you know I could
have just put them back in as they were
but I'm expecting to break it again so I
might as well put these in socket so I
could take them out and just replace the
chip
yeah um but then so then anyways I
etched I etched the new version of the
of the uh the the two boards that I was
doing yesterday but the problem with
yesterday's boards was
that the the thing the legs were too
short remember so yes I do yeah so I
um so these boards are pretty good um
I'm glad that so there are these things
called Vias and Vias allow you to go
from the front to the back and vice
versa uh they're basically it's just a
piece of wire that connects the front
and the back because on professional
boards the when you drill a hole into
the board they actually fill a little
bit of that inside with metal so that
means that like you get a via that's
connected front and back for free but
for me I actually have to solder both
sides
so anyway so when I put in my chips I
don't have enough clearance with the
short legs to be able to solder both
sides so I changed the
um so I changed the the rules that's so
to tell it all right you're not allowed
to connect to the chips on the front
side you can only do it on the back
side and the problem with that is that
when I was running the the the routing
optimization it was given me like 10
Vias meaning 10 connections from front
to back and I was like that's just too
much so I had to stretch out the board
to make them longer and use more of the
area of the board so it's less compact
but you know I got away with like three
Vias I think three three and three Vias
so you know it didn't make out too badly
and oh I went to this electronics store
today it's just like oh man it was so
cool there was
like uh I mean it just you know they had
everything I needed and the prices were
really good like I got 200 200 resistors
for $5 which
like is pretty
good um but I also it was funny because
I was expecting like a ham radio
operator to be to be running this place
you know what are you working on oh you
shouldn't be doing it that way but it
was actually two
Latinas unexpected
right I mean I
guess yeah I mean I I was like how many
how many of those stores have I been in
and I was like you know what actually
been in a lot so I guess that is they
normally look like my dad yeah exactly
they normally look like your dad my dad
and it's my dad talking to them and I'm
just standing there like can we
go
yeah so yeah so Latinas in electronics
pretty
great they weren't they weren't they
weren't young or anything but you know
they have Latina versions of our dad
your dad is the Indian version of my dad
my dad's the white version of your
dad you know gotta have a Latina ver
yeah should I ask them so you guys work
on modular synthesizers or what they be
like no that's lame as [__] yeah yeah we
we did we we designed Power Electronics
or something
silly but it was fun because I was I was
in the whip early drinking my coffee
like you know what I'm gon to go get
some
parts let's let's let's say that
sentence again and try again
why I was in the car early I'll try it
again I was in that whip you're sick
flicking my
wrist I on that you know
so uh my I got ice in my no no no you
you you missed the silly part of that
but don't repeat
it oh you online
yeah I don't know that's all I know well
you you missed the the weird part of
that okay text it to me so I can know in
my heart all
right
um okay let's see I've been on for 3
hours and
30 man there's a lot of soldering to
do I feel like I should pick one and
just do one it's going to get late and
it's going to get
cold a it was warm today oh yeah how
warm like 55 or something oh that's nice
it was like 55 here but it wasn't sunny
until like it was sunny it wasn't sunny
till like 300 p.m. so 55 is great for
for for Boston we were
doing we were doing shock and we were
[Applause]
drawing
sitting listening to music you know you
know all good
having a dance party
[Music]
you
okay oh yeah you you lost you lost
it brother that guy just went like if I
hadn't turned he would have been in my
car
hello did you hear me yeah people are
driving crazy today I don't know why
maybe it's a long weekend incoming
they're like time to get home this a
long
weekend Martin Luther King Day I thought
that was next
week well you thought
wrong I found this sick YouTube channel
today what day is it do you even know
what day it is yeah it's
Friday Friday every Friday you call me
right as work is starting like hey
what's
up it's
work I don't think that's exclusively
Fridays that I do
that no
it can shut up
no the difference is you call me right
as the kids are getting there verse when
I'm like in the building on Fridays
I'm
gonch aop well go ahead you know what
you to
death
abuse AB
mys let's think about this
you don't care about me that's fine what
about your viewers they're turn they're
tuning out they're leaving the
chat you
know do you have anything to say
[Music]
that
uh yeah
exactly um what's going on here I got to
I I got to do this thing I guess I'm
soldering these boards the thing is the
worrisome thing about soldering these
boards and the reason why I went for the
repair is
cuz I think it's just really unlikely
that I put this thing together and that
it
works oh my goodness a k with a shotgun
later
[Music]
I hope she K let me just do it a few
more
times you're sick you're sick and
twisted and
Disturbed okay at least that one switch
it
up I like it yeah I like I just
whoa you know what I saw today that was
super funny but also
terrifying okay um these guys and
they're they're they're doing a
paintball battle but in just the
city what's the city I don't know where
they were it see it looked like Los
Angeles or
something
where all the people live that don't
care about public
dist but it did look fun like I I gotta
say it did kind of look fun you ever
seen I Hate About
You
no well they like you know he's
basically the plot is that until the
older sister dates the younger sister
can't date and this guy wants to date
the younger sister so he convinc is this
like bad boy to try to get with the
older sister but they like fall in
love um
and they he like takes her paintballing
and they like fall into this thing of
hay and they're covered in paint and
then they share their first kiss it's
really sweet honestly well I don't think
it's their first kiss but it's their
first like romantic one I have a picture
of it on my
wall one my favorite movie
scenes that could be
us hello
sorry um I talk for more than like I
know I know let me go inside I need to
take a
break did I turn everything
off
my
for
that
okay actually we should check if it's
going to rain it's looking real cloudy
and if it rains I am
screwed
yeah it looks like 8:00 P.M there's a
40% chance of rain we got to shift our
we got to shift
around okay clean up is always such a
pain we're done with the D
Dremel we're done with the
clamp what else goes in the shed I think
that's
all
for
all right boring part just cleaning
okay
we don't need the sockets for that
anymore I think we put all of those away
drill bit
boards
ships
what
[Music]
for
okay we're almost
ready to move
everything
okay
[Music]
for
see I don't know want I do
this
[Music]
all
right we are
ready to make and I
think I think I want to
do this board
first uh we're going to need some light
all right good stuff good
stuff this thing is sagging so much
okay that's a little
better all right so we're doing we've
picked we're doing the envelope
generator okay this is the back this is
the
front Okay so what that
means so we're going to
go to normal we're going to go over to
the envelope
schematic we want to go to the
bomb and we want the I think we wanted
just this one I keep forgetting which is
which by value I think buy value is
good okay so now we wanted to open that
up
in
Kad
synth uh
envelope
Excel
and the this is just
wire two caps some diodes how many dodes
do we have quantity Okay cool so we can
just
print this
out and it's got three pages we only
need a print page
one
wait oh [__] where did that print to oh
I got to go change the
paper damn it okay well why whatever um
and wait did that print three pages or
one
page we can do that that's interesting
okay so that's the
envelope I hope it only printed one page
I mean whatever
um all right let's just get this one
done then I can go and scavenge for all
the parts and we can get get
started let's see my audio
good
okay
oh
for
[Music]
B
for all parts have been found I need to
go to the bathroom
[Music]
now
for
that's
[Music]
y' when I get my Reflow open we be C
we'll be cooking but for right now time
to get a project
done
okay so we got our bomb we got our
resistors then turn on the soldering
iron it's not plugged
in that's right the cable on this thing
is incredibly
short
whatever
okay now it's
[Music]
on put
me for yourself maybe you should be with
someone else I on
back
always you to
[Music]
eat
for should be else like
me I didn't mean to put you under my
spell baby you're bad for
my
[Music]
girl
me for me like
one
[Music]
micro else like
me yourself I didn't to put you under my
spell baby you're B for
[Music]
my wait did I not drill
that we can't we can't just do
that for
yourself be with someone else shouldn't
like
me I didn't mean to put you under my
spell sorry baby you're bad for my
[Music]
he
mean
should okay we are starting the
job
bro
okay we're now all set up
so this capacitor gets that's really
unfortunate okay
o
um
okay
okay and I think I'm just going to do
this the slow
way just so that I make sure that every
part gets
done and done
well
okay
um okay that's fine all right so now
we're going to cross off
C2
we need C1 so I'm just going to put it
in my current box all right now the
diodes I wonder how much diodes cost at
that
place we still have like a good amount
left
but wait did I get every
reference is that I need to print this
out again I think cuz I want every
reference to
show
yeah we just make
this uh I didn't do it enough what dude
rap what a
joke
whatever okay is that 10 1 2 3 4 five 6
7 8 nine 10 okay so I'm going to print
this out
again to the right printer
though shouldn't like
me
yeah we don't care about the
footprint
okay cuz I want to be able to cross off
every one of
them
[Music]
okay much better right so we've
installed C2 and then we have our diodes
and we can put in all of our diodes
let's go back to the
envelope okay
D1 it's going to be a lot of flipping
over maybe
we I don't
know I could go either way on that
one I see why the resistors and caps
don't have and probably inductors too
they don't have a pin one notation but
I'm glad that the dodes do
because that'd be super annoying if it
didn't okay so should I just get six of
these just get six of these
okay that's five we need one
more let me
count three six Okay cool so we are done
with
diodes the thing that concerns me is I
kind of went haywire and I I added all
those extra features that I don't really
know anything
about
okay I actually don't like them to be
flush on the thing I like them to be a
little bits
up
oh
shoot
I've really messed up this tip
okay is this even in
frame
cool
um
what should we
do I guess we'll
say we'll put one Mark if it's the front
and then we're just going to do all the
fronts cuz it's too inefficient to do it
the other way all right so
D what if I just look up
D
star
bro what did I print out the wrong bill
of materials I don't
understand there's D2 it just doesn't go
in order that's great
why isn't that
sorted okay this is
here maybe we'll do
that
cool
cool I feel like when you get in the
flow it starts to go a lot faster but
you got to start up and then it's
um okay
D3
what is this
diode I know we have the core
diodes there's
D3 okay so this is part of
the
core but interesting what is that ground
what is
that
okay yeah I don't want them to be flush
I don't like that I want to be slightly
not
flush
whatever I guess this one's
flush I thought there was a reason why I
didn't like them flush
it's hard to get out I forget but there
was a
reason okay that's D3 now D4 is
here D4 is rout well D4 is routed pretty
badly I would not put it
there
what you want to do is you want to flip
it and then put
it
um but
whatever so D4 is is long Trace running
through this resistor
okay
D5 just so
annoying how are there 12
hits oh
wait I didn't realize that that was a
oh that's the
core I guess the fear is that it gets
mushed then you can short something
but okay so we just did D4 and D5
front and now
D6 is down
here
okay we need to go fast
because I want to test
it
uh okay so we're done with the all right
so let's do the back side of all
these
I think my
uh the air for how bad the back front
misalignment is is really small like I
did an amazing job on on this one uh the
the VCA was not so
lucky
for
cool uh one two 3 four five six nice so
now we can go cross cross cross cross
cross cross now the LED I'm going to
save for later the mounting holes this
is all
done
the okay let's get the transistor
then I really want to do that surface
mount um C I want to do the circuit
Valley camera so freaking bad I think I
might buy a I I think I might make a
cipi cuz cipi looks sick I just found
out about
it this transistor is literally only
used to drive the D the uh
LED it's silly but actually it's kind of
cool because I've never put a status
light on
anything okay pin
one okay pin one is like
this
yeah I
prefer using the sort of wrong footprint
for these
guys just so that there's no worry about
a short or
anything I'm going me get that in pretty
[Music]
low so that this guy has no
fear okay nothing's on the top but we're
going to do the top
anyway [__] cap get out of the
way Mr cap Mr
cap
okay all right we're done with
transistors oh wait we only did it this
way okay now we're on to
[Music]
resistors
for
cool they really [__] up this tip with
the dip
sockets it's a
shame I guess I just need to get a new
one it's not a big deal but you know
what it
whatever okay so the all right so we're
under resistors R1 let's
go where you at
R1
[__] what why I don't get why it's not
sorted
dude
I just think that's silly
man okay that is a
10K oh yeah I didn't bother finding the
10ks cuz we have 200 Bad
Boys
these are the
100ks here are my T Keys now we pray
that these fit in the hole cuz otherwise
I'm going to go [__]
Bonkers they do they do barely but they
do
okay next to this
diode that's the only 10K right
so and put these back in here oh I love
how they feel they just feel so soft and
strong
and they make me feel
good high quality stuff
BR who says that it's
Jordy that Aussie
yeah we're getting all cones all the
time I love seeing this stuff get put
together
I don't have the best filming setup I
feel like it's probably worth investing
in good filming setups okay so we only
did it one way but let's just do some
more resistors before we do it the other
way all right so before I bust out my
100ks from there I'm going to use the
rest of
these
dude that place is so much better than
micro center it's not even
close
Okay R2 where you at
R2 let's do match
case
R2 dude
what dude is that just bugged out
[__] okay okay so it says match K oh
wait wait no no
no I am an
idiot no what the
hell let's see hover over this this
thing whatever I just turn on caps lock
I'm not I'm not going to let
this nonsense get
me
[Music]
you like
me
where we at with eight or
[Music]
eight the thing is the scary part is
whether or not we run into some [__]
who decides it's not available anywhere
and then I got to edit it
out oh R9 is also
[Music]
100k
brown black black
[Music]
orange
oh this might just be low five I'm sort
of okay with
that
[__] here we
go is it on Loi
Channel we can just go to
this but if we're doing that it's like
[Music]
n but all these have track
IDs all right I guess we're not going to
do it all right so we have R9 now we
need R11 okay it's right
there I'm glad I got 200 of these be
able to make lots of
circuits from pin
five maybe we could put in two at once
okay
R12
is that guy's name Marco Marco rubs or
something dud no way it's that but it's
something it's something
German do I found this YouTuber today he
built he built um so CERN the particle
accelerator they they open sourced the
design it looked like it was an altm but
you know
boo but it was open source design for
um for ADC I guess for a high Precision
uh multimeter or something or I guess
just
voltmeter uh but he he basically just
ordered it on PCB way and built it
himself and did all the you know just an
insane piece of
work pretty
cool okay so we have what was
that wait don't tell me I put that in
the wrong
spot that's 100K that's also
100K 11 12 13
okay and 14 where's 14 somewhere else
all right so we can bust out our new
ones God I love how these
feel they're almost so perfect I don't
even want to take one out of
here how many more do I need I need
shoot
I really hope I get these spools and
spools of smt
components okay R
for
okay last 100K
resistor this build is coming together
pretty
quickly uh 15 I said
14 okay
above that di to ground and whatever
that
is
dude I want to binge that guy's YouTube
channel he only has like 200k Subs too
which is like
absurd you really need to make clickbait
in order to go big I
think
[__] for the thicker wire I feel like
the the pitch is just
slightly you really can't get it all the
way in
there
uh okay so 13 and 14 so now I'm going to
do the bottom side of all these this is
going to be somewhat satisfying I
think
for
whatever you're my voice my
drunk
um
okay
I really want to do uh maybe I
should maybe I should really think about
doing my first smt board I mean through
PCB way or
something
for
increasing the pad size for the making
the custom Footprints was absolutely the
right
idea
for
cool I think we got them
all snip snip snip
snip
um R3 is a
47k all right I think we'll probably
just do the uh rest of the
resistors
I will say skipping past breadboarding
this uh I feel like I am
missing like I feel like I probably
understand it more if I went through the
whole process
but it's why I'm reading a
textbook bro I'm trying trying to be a
good ass
engineer someone that can build things
but also has a good theoretical
understanding I'm trying to be a good
ass engineer could just fix things you
know
there we go kind of a fat
cone not
[Music]
Supreme ooh almost got
it tucking cones all day bro okay
R3 okay we're done with
these now we need the 100
ohm the 100 ohm I think is a current
limiter for the LED right that's my bet
100 ohm is
R5 see if I'm
right I guess not guess I was
wrong it's just something there what is
the what is
R5
oh yeah it's got to be some sort of
current
limiting oh where did I put that [__]
switch
bro where is that thing oh that was the
only single what single pole double
throw that
I okay well could find I could probably
just go there tomorrow and get it if I
really need
it dude I'm going to be going to that
electronic store a lot
they just got a new favorite customer
man okay so we did
R5
okay now
R oh I only needed uh two [__] I got
three okay r10
I would love to silk screen this thing
man oh you know what it did I know what
the Wild Card did no actually I don't I
thought it was doing that thing about
like if you have file names like 10
comes you know it doesn't count like 1 2
3 4 up to 10 it does the other
thing
dude I want to get really good at
Fusion like I'm open source but like
Fusion can do things that I thought were
[__] impossible dude that tool
pathing stuff is
crazy dude that YouTuber I found today
was showing how he was doing tool
pathing parameterization or whatever and
like that is rad that is really cool
stuff
R5
um gosh let
me
okay you're
[Music]
my
everybody okay we are nearing the
end we're going to get these dips
in
okay that's
everything or we just need to go back
through and do the bottoms on
those I'm probably going to miss
one
for I forgot how many I put
down see that's the problem with the
uh
method I think it was
four but you don't know what in what
order or
anything
oh no yeah okay those are just the
unused ones right they're grounded and
they're tied together so they don't draw
any current or whatever all right so I
think we're good now let's get
the
um well let's do the uh I want to do the
dips let's do the
dips
dude I don't know why I love that store
so
much okay we just need
two these were five bucks so kind of
pricey but
like hella
nice
oh it's perfect it goes in it slots
in
fully and then it stays
there I always forget
um for the chip the little dip let me
just look up t74 and that'll answer it
for
me
yeah the little dip means the
top oh it just snaps in hold on can I
get some ASMR on
that
okay
okay y'all
ready
nice very
nice
for
all
cones all cones bro I'm making all
cones don't test me I'm making all
cones
I forgot to add test pins and things
like that oh that you know what that
that's why that's why I wanted them
raised off the ground is cuz then it's
easy to make anything a test
pin that's what I was trying to think
of soldering
porn that of focus all
right I didn't actually check that my
opamps fit in here I'm just sort of
assuming they
do I mean they're dip 14 like come on
bro they're
dip they're dip all right what else we
got we got so we did these
two switch one where the hell did I put
that switch
dude I put it somewhere so Random like
even I was like why is that
there well we shouldn't even do the
switch yet doesn't make sense
to
where did I put it
[Music]
damn
keep can't believe I lost that
switch what did I do with
it it'll turn up it'll turn up I'm just
being paranoid all
right
um okay what's next then
uh rv1 rv2
rv3 so the issue
there oh and then the LED should I just
do the
LED I want it to be
red I feel like red is the right one
we're not going to mount this
though [__] I always forget which
one is
it
um wait so plus goes to ground
right no no no
no
does the long leg of an LED go to
ground okay the short leg
does you're myice my
[Music]
drug
remember to use a current limiting
resistor damn it's getting cold
bro it's getting real
cold
okay so we did the
LED
um okay so rv1 let me just look at the
footprints cuz I didn't print out what
the footprints
are
rv1 okay so this
is okay rv1
and
um no these are attacking this is
sustain this is the sustained value and
this is the attack and
release
um
should I attach the
wires all right I'll put the wires
on
uh so wires for power I guess is what
I'm
me okay so we got
black
it's really annoying when the when the
power connector is
not same exact
length so that's why I'm being so
delicate with
measuring cuz they always fall out
otherwise and you know I might decide
that 10 cm is not really enough
but
whatever
the trash can is so clutch I used should
put it in I used to just use the toolbox
as my trash can
so
dumb
okay power power power
ah
hey okay so we want to put it in
halfway bend it bend it maybe a little
bit more than that
that's fine it's not going to
short yeah it's not going to short okay
I'm put this one
in see is that what I'm touching okay I
think that's
it yeah okay but we want to go
deeper we want to go
deeper
okay cool cool cool cool
cool
for
cool cool cool cool
cool
nice ground plus 12 volts minus 12 Vols
okay so
now I should go get those potentiometers
all right let's just Mount them cuz we
need to test it
and let's see what time is it
6:18 five
hours yeah let's try to make this a real
one all right well let me do the Vias I
feel like a Vias are
um I'll make
them I'll make them
white how many do I have
four
one two
three I only have three Vias okay
whatever the thing is Vias are actually
pretty easy for me to
do that's
the
KE okay well let me just put them all in
then
um
my drug my
[Music]
then
cool this goes next to the power right
this is for power actually
yeah oh
no I'm a [__] I didn't drill it
we have two things we need to
drill
[__] that's a huge pain actually because
it's right next to the dip I wonder if
I'll be able to do it I can do it from
the back actually that's what I'll do
I'll do it from the
back oh my God
Ronnie okay so then
all right so we need the cap we need the
Via I think that's
it I always miss a
couple
I guess we just cut that
off for some reason I thought there was
a trimmer in
this
I guess
not dude this board is so [__] clean
man is any of this even in
frame
okay so uh what's next I guess what's
next
is J2 I guess was power
J1 J1 is the uh L's
input
j3 is the Apple what's
j4 oh j4 is the inverse that's
right all right I don't want to attach
iio yet uh because I'm a dumbass I guess
what did I do with that switch my
guys I remember thinking I'm like this
is a random place for this switch
maybe I put it inside I don't think I
did
though
[Music]
um okay so what haven't we
done right okay well I'm going to go
drill those holes then I need the drill
bit
I'm just going use a mask of
glasses
for
look who found the freaking
switch
guys look at me with a single pull
double throw switch bruh I'm going to
Des of this probably freaking lead
solder we're going to attach new leads
to that we're going to get that right in
there all right I got my bits got my
glasses gotten these oh I need the
board
for
all right all that for two
holes oh I don't know if I locked it
okay
capacitor all right so let's do this
cap in this last
via and then I think I'm going to call
it I
guess I wanted to test but oh yeah hold
on Dam it's getting cold out here
bro let we got a clean up clean Up's
always the
worst cool all right via via
VIA
I really have been putting off debugging
the filter cuz I actually got the filter
working
but I didn't get it working with
resonance
for
cool we're going to leave the switch in
here all right I think that's
uh I think that's going to be it well
let me let me desorder this thing
for
[Music]
damn there must have been so much flux
on there I don't know what the [__] is
on this thing
okay it's still hot throw away these
wires all right ladies and
derps
um we're going to go it quits it's uh
almost a 6 hour stream we didn't get
everything done done obviously we're not
testing this thing yet I guess tomorrow
I'm going to test it was tomorrow
Saturday I guess tomorrow will just be
another build day but I really think I'm
leaning
towards once I build and test these
hopefully they work but dude the thing
that I've realized through all of this
is that everything is just so much more
work than you think it is like
anyways I want to do an smt build I
thought that was going to take like a
day I was like oh yeah this whole
project this take a week no no no ladies
and gentlemen this takes way longer than
a week let me tell you that right
now but I feel like I've narrow I've
kicked out all the Kinks and nonsense
with the production of the actual boards
you know custom
Footprints
um
the
[Music]
uh stuff about the drilling
process uh I really think I I think
like CNC drill press is the only way to
do this right I bet this dude I bet the
PCB wave Factory CNC drill press are so
freaking
nice there's that strange Parts tour and
he like goes in there and they're like
yeah they count exactly how many holes
the the the drill bits have made and
they just throw them out once they're
worn out like that's so rad okay fine
we'll do one last
thing I don't have the glasses let me go
get my
glasses cuz apparently the apparently
it's dangerous so I'll just accept that
I don't really think it is
but know safety
safety
never mind I decided against cutting
them I'm not going to do
it
um all right so that's it p p
peace